<p><strong>Java Programming Experiments</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><br />FIBONACCI SERIES<br />Sample Implementation of Fibonacci. Fibonacci Series is characterized by the fact that every number after the first two is the sum of the two preceding ones. two numbers. input n (highest number at which series has to end) Series : 0,1,1,2,3,5,8,13,21,34,55,89.....<br />Java Class : Fibonacci.java Three implementations<br />&nbsp; 1. Using loop.&nbsp; 2. Using recursion.&nbsp; 3. Using memoization.(Technique to improve speed of computation by storing complex calculation results)</li>
<li>PRIME NUMBER<br />Prime number is number which is only divisible by 1 and itself. eg : 2,3, 5, 7 , 11, ...<br />Java class : PrimeNumber.java<br />Check if number is divisible by each number from 2 to number -1;Check if number is divisible by 2, if yes , it is not prime. Next check, if number is divisible by odd numbers.Check if number is divisible by 2, if yes , it is not prime. Next check, if number is divisible by odd numbers till square root of number.</li>
<li>PALINDROME<br />Palindrome is word, number which is same forward and backword.&nbsp;eg 45654,abcba is palindrome&nbsp;eg 45655,abcbb is not palindorme<br />Java class : Palindrome.java<br />AMSTRONG NUMBER Number is called AmstrongNumber if , if digit is equal to sum of cubes of individual digits.&nbsp;&nbsp; eg 153= 1+ 125+27&nbsp; ( 1*1*1&nbsp; + 5*5*5&nbsp; + 3*3*3 ) Java Class :&nbsp; AmstrongNumber.java&nbsp;&nbsp;<br />Important commands to kill and remove containers and docker images. refer : Docker/DockerUseFulCommands.txt</li>
<li>DUPLICATE ELEMENT IN ARRAY</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Program to find duplicate element in array in O(n) time and&nbsp;fixed space complexity.&nbsp;</p>
